hey welcome to wrastlin rantin here on a
Sunday afternoon and we are doing a very
quick commentary on something very sad
that I've seen and it is China now a
couple months ago Triple H did his
podcast with well actually he did he was
on Stone Cold Steve Austin's podcast on
The WB network and the topic of China
came up and which hundreds said that
it's very hard to put her into the Hall
of Fame because of certain things
now everybody was assuming it was you
know just her porno career which is a
bit hypocritical because you know there
have been some other girls you know most
famously sunny who is still selling her
ass on skype these days but and sunny is
in a Hall of Fame however I think the
issues with China Joanie are probably a
little bit more deeper than that and in
an attempt to know to find out more
about what China is doing these days
because I wasn't trying to fan back in
the Attitude Era I came upon this video
that she was doing about NXT reporting
about next and it was a question what
the heck is that what is it
I know that me or something cuz I don't
know what it is
I'm who is or what it is or it's a
Honduras and as I'm you know
eight-year-old kid
Jesus I don't know maybe somebody can
tell me that's my thoughts for today
although this is pretty much the same
thing a lot of WWE sports entertainment
fans say about NXT what is it I don't
understand it
it's the this whole video is just so
depressing on so many levels I mean she
looks terrible
she looks drunk or high or whatever it
is and she puts this out on the internet
on her YouTube channel and leaves it
there it's not like she was drunk and
then she woke up the next day and saw
this and good oh my god it looked like
terrible I look like a fucking zombie I
need to take this off my fucking channel
because the entire world is gonna see
and this is if anything just is
validation for Triple H saying this is
why we're not putting you in a Hall of
Fame
does China deserve to be in the Hall of
Fame after seeing this no i 100% agree
with hunter
this woman's on a downward spiral and
probably has been for a long time and
this is just sad this is really sad and
pathetic and china needs to get help and
if you look at the majority of the
comments on this video and a lot of her
videos it's a lot of people saying get
help then there's you know of course
people blaming WWE for you know her
condition because you know there's
there's a segment of society that always
blames the powers to be for the reason
why this person is failing and which I
don't buy into ending that bullshit
you're you're an individual especially
an adult and you're responsible for your
own
in your own choices Jony lawyers chosen
to go down to roasts as she's gone and
it's leading her to do things like this
to me this is far worse than any porno
stuff porno stuff I really don't really
care about this is an example of why she
shouldn't be in the Hall of Fame
so to anybody who's defending her and
going on
you know Oh Triple H is burying a Jew
who did all this bullshit no she this
and some of the other videos on her
channel Tokyo China have validated why
she should not be in the Hall of Fame
and Vince Russo can exploit her all he
wants to and use her to counter you know
Triple H and whatever and put her on on
his show whatever bottom line is this
woman's got problems and I don't know
any sane a rational person who would put
her on the hall of fame but if those of
you were defending her I think she
should be put into the Hall of Fame next
year and she's still like this you're
gonna put that on worldwide television
you're gonna have that is a memento for
WrestleMania xxx to really trad it's got
a lot of work to do forget about the
Hall of Fame forget about w/e she has a
lot of work to do number one getting
over the relationship with Hunter which
was almost over a decade and a half ago
I mean this video she's still worrying
about Hunter Oh
Hunter is his hidden and his kids get
over it really seriously get over it
Oh destroyed my life stop it you gotta
give this is to any body who's in this
situation to there's a certain point in
life yes
everybody has crappy people doing things
to them everybody has people who have
more power or better positions or
relationships believe me I understand
that who screw you over or whatever
whatever whatever the point of the game
the game of life is not to go oh
somebody did something bad to me so I'm
gonna completely implode the point is to
rise up and do something else and be
even stronger than they even thought you
were and to prove them
because all you do by becoming a
self-destructive failure is proving them
right let me know what you guys think
about China check out to Tokyo China I
hate to even kind of promote it but
check out Tokyo China on YouTube and you
can just see some of her videos some of
them are lucid a lot of them are like
this and it's pathetic
so anyway leave a comment below let me
know what you think about it you know
and we'll talk to you guys on Monday for
another raw rant maybe with cocoa sports
this Monday so I'll check you out then
take it easy